Who doesn't know your son?
Became the rich man's door-to-door son-in-law
Stop pretending to be poor
This big brother
Don't clean up our house
We'd be homeless for real.
Written in black and white
If you can't pay back the money, take the house to pay off the debt
Mom
What's wrong?
And here's the big brother with the IOU.
Say you haven't paid back the money you borrowed
Let's pay off the house
What IOU?
Let me see it.
This IOU is written
If I don't pay you back on time
You can deduct me once.
But we've already paid the money back
Pay off the interest
Do you want to pay the interest?
Do you want to give the question to the question?
Impossible Impossible
Then I'll destroy this house
Anyway, it's worth one square meter.